Most nudists are people you don't want to see naked. 
Revenge is a dish best served cold.
I have spent the afternoon re-arranging the furniture in Dracula’s house… I was doing a bit of Fang-Shui
Life is a terminal condition.
A bank is a place that will lend you money, if you can prove that you don’t need it.
Save the whales. Collect the whole set 
I think I'm agnostic, but I haven't decided.  
I like my women like I like my coffee. Cold and bitter.
I decided to sell my Hoover… well it was just collecting dust.
Schizophrenia beats being alone. 
All work and no play make Jack a dull boy and Jill a wealthy widow.
Give your child mental blocks for Christmas.
My next door neighbour worships exhaust pipes, he’s a catholic converter
Any simple theory will be worded in the most complicated terms.
Never invest in anything that eats or needs repainting.
If #2 pencils are the most popular, are they still #2? 
I used to be schizophrenic, but we're all right now. 
Originality is the art of concealing your sources. 
All things being equal, a fat person uses more soap than a thin person.
Anger is never without an argument, or with a good one.
Hypochondria is the only disease I haven't got. 
Failure is not an option. It comes bundled with your Microsoft product.
The Internet: where men are men, women are men, and children are FBI agents.
Scandal, like hypocrisy, is bipartisan.
There are no moral messages in Nature.
A fool and his money can throw one hell of a party. 
My friend keeps trying to convince me that he's a compulsive liar but I don't believe him.
90% of everything is crud.
Always remember you're unique, just like everyone else. 
Always try to be modest and be proud of it! 
Evolution is God’s way of issuing upgrades.
He who would climb to the top must leave much behind.
Out of my mind. Back in five minutes. 
Every calling is great when greatly pursued.
When everything’s coming your way, you’re in the wrong lane.
It takes twenty-five dumb animals to make a fur coat. and only one to wear it.
I got some new underwear yesterday. Well, it was new to me. 
You can never lose a homing pigeon - if your homing pigeon doesn't come back what you've lost is a pigeon.
Albinos; you can’t say fairer than that
Failure is a measurement that depends on the standard applied.
Injustice anywhere is a threat to justice everywhere.
Desperate diseases require desperate remedies.
Dwarfs and midgets have very little in common.
I intend to live forever - so far so good. 
Things are more like they used to be than they are now.
If your feet smell and your nose runs, you're built upside down. 
How long a minute is depends on what side of the bathroom door you're on. 
History occurs twice - the first time as tragedy, the second time as farce.
Why can’t a bike stand on its own? It’s two tired.
You know it's going to be a bad day when your car horn goes off accidentally and remains stuck as you follow a group of Hell's Angels on the freeway.
The smaller the issue, the bigger the fight.
Interesting history is awful living.
Every family tree has some sap.
Mac users swear by their Mac, PC users swear at their PC.
Letting the cat out of the bag is a whole lot easier than putting it back in. 
The repairman will never have seen a model quite like yours before.
It is impossible to make anything foolproof because fools are so ingenious.
Those who do not learn from history often end up making it.
The journey of a thousand miles begins with a broken fan belt and a flat tire. 
I drive way too fast to worry about cholesterol. 
Diogenes is still searching.
Interchangeable parts - won't.
Any appetite is its own excuse for existing.
I wonder how much deeper the ocean would be without sponges.
When you don't know what you are doing, do it neatly. 
The only perfect science is hindsight.
Multitasking means screwing up several things at once. 
More men are sheep in wolves' clothing than the other way around.
Consciousness: that annoying time between naps. 
Don't take life too seriously, you won't get out alive. 
If the shoe fits, you're not allowing for growth.
I won't rise to the occasion, but I'll slide over to it. 
Cole's Law: Thinly sliced cabbage. 
An elephant is a mouse built to government specifications.
Never ask a barber if he thinks you need a haircut. 
Who mourns the falling of a single leaf ?
It's not whether you win or lose, it's how you place the blame.
Dyspraxics are people three. (thanks to Skip Tucker) 
Why is abbreviation such a long word? 
Roughing it is television without cable.
I phoned the local ramblers club today and this bloke just went on and on
Rabbits dance at the funeral of the lion.
Two can live as cheaply as one, for half as long. 
I threw some snow at my girlfriend; she didn’t catch my drift
A woman without a man is like a fish without a bicycle.
Born free, taxed to death.
Nature always sides with the hidden flaw.
Xerox and Wurlitzer will merge to market reproductive organs. 
Love may be blind, but marriage is a real eye-opener.
First secure an independent income, then practice virtue.
All power corrupts. Absolute power is pretty neat, though. 
If this is the land of the future, why are we all so given to nostalgia ?
Marriage is like burning the house down to toast the bread.
How does Teflon stick to the pan? 
He who would pursue revenge should first dig two graves.
Well, paint me purple and call me Barney. 
If practice makes perfect, and nobody’s perfect, why practice?
Never test the depth of the water with both feet. 
Losing a husband can be hard: in my case it was almost impossible. 
The best bilge pump in the world is a terrified sailor with a bucket.
Everyone has a scheme for getting rich that will not work.
The man who is always talking about being a gentleman never is one.
You are depriving some poor village of its idiot. 
I used to be a lifeguard, but some blue kid got me fired. 
If a man with no arms has a gun, is he armed? 
In the long run, we are all dead.
If you jogged backwards, would you gain weight? 
CAPS LOCK – Preventing Login Since 1980.
I feel like I'm diagonally parked in a parallel universe. 
If ignorance is bliss, you must be orgasmic. 
All warranties expire upon payment of invoice.
Always forgive your enemies - nothing else annoys them as much.
The nice thing about being senile is you can hide your own Easter eggs.
Success always occurs in private and failure in full view. 
The opera ain't over 'til the fat lady sings.
Bad weather forecasts are more often right than good ones.
You invented Tipp Ex, correct me if I’m wrong
Isn't it scary that doctors call what they do "practice"?
A day for firm decisions! Or is it? 
Ever notice how fast Windows runs? Neither did I. 
Gun Control: Use both hands.
Isn’t it weird how when a cop drives by you feel paranoid instead of protected.
Good health is merely the slowest possible rate at which one can die. 
Should crematoriums give discounts for burn victims? 
Can a blind person feel blue? 
Is reading in the bathroom considered multi-tasking? 
A conclusion is the place where you got tired of thinking. 
Blessed are the meek for they shall inherit the crap.
I used to have winter fat but now I have spring rolls.
The Boy Scout credo: sound mind, sound body...take your choice.
Selfstarters - will not.
The early bird may get the worm, but the second mouse gets the cheese. 
Eagles may soar, but weasels aren't sucked into jet engines. 
When your only tool is a hammer, all problems start looking like nails. 
I met the bloke who invented crosswords today. I can’t remember his name, it’s P something T something R
Polynesia - memory loss in parrots.
I wouldn't touch the metric system with a 3.048m pole! 
Some people can look so busy that they seem indispensable.
You never really learn to swear until you learn to drive. 
Basic research is what you do when you don't know what you are doing.
Genius does what it must, talent does what it can, and you had best do what you're told. 
I don’t like my hands. I always keep them at arm’s length
We are born naked, wet and hungry. Then things get worse. 
Bugs come in through open Windows.
During the war, my grandfather could not stop scribbling; he got hit by a Doodlebug
Never mistake good manners for good will.
I am not a vegetarian because I love animals. I am a vegetarian because I hate plants. 
If you really love someone, throw the ball and say "Fetch!"
I want patience - AND I WANT IT NOW!!!! 
Hell is not a place. Hell is what hurts worst.
I can't get enough minimalism.  
Live within your income, even if you must borrow to do it.
Programmers are tools for converting caffeine into code.
Pampered cows produce spoiled milk.
An open mouth oft-times accompanies a closed mind.
Parker's Law: Beauty is only skin deep, but ugly goes clean to the bone.
The more I C, the less I see.
Luck, it is said, dislikes working double shifts.
What has four legs and an arm? A happy pit bull. 
Capital punishment isn't for making examples, it's for making bad people dead. 
Civil servants are neither civil nor servile.
If at first you don't succeed, try left field. 
Imitation is not the sincerest form of flattery. Stalking is. 
The price of hearing aids has gone up? Deaf people across the country are going ‘how much?’
What the large print giveth, the small print taketh away.
Double your drive space. Delete Windows! 
I’m so lazy I’ve got a smoke alarm with a snooze button
Jesus loves you, it's everybody else that thinks you're an ass. 
When I want your opinion, I'll remove the duct tape. 
Last night me and my girlfriend watched three DVDs back to back. Luckily I was the one facing the telly
Nothing is foolproof to a talented fool.
Hard work never killed anyone, but why chance it? 
Work smarder and not harder and be careful of yor speling.
Police Station toilet stolen: cops have nothing to go on. 
You know you’re ugly when it comes to a group picture and they hand you the camera.
It is bad luck to be superstitious.
Generally speaking, you aren't learning much when your mouth is moving. 
I hate Russian dolls, they're so full of themselves.
I'm writing a book. I've got the page numbers done. 
The best way to achieve immortality is by not dying.
Linus Torvalds: “Real men don’t use backups, they post their stuff on a public ftp server and let the rest of the world make copies.”
To succeed in politics, it is often necessary to rise above your principles. 
Good judgment comes from bad experience and a lot of that comes from bad judgment. 
Can vegetarians eat animal crackers? 
A man will believe anything that does not cost him anything.
Large brains can contain small minds.
Excellence is an option that is renewable.
Computers are like air conditioners: they stop working when you open Windows.
It's not who you know, it's whom you know. 
You've one mouth and two ears...use them in that proportion.
For a man of fortitude, there are no walls, only avenues.
Many know how to flatter; few know how to praise.
Wanted: Meaningful overnight relationship. 
You may as well take a person's money as his time.
An infinite crowd of mathematicians enters a bar. The first one orders a pint, the second one a half pint, the third one a quarter pint… “I understand”, says the bartender – and pours two pints.
Ask to see my tattoo of a rose, but don't ask outside. I'm constantly bothered by bees.
I used to like my neighbors, until they put a password on their Wi-Fi.
There are two theories to arguing with women. Neither one works. 
When cheese gets its picture taken, what does it say? 
To a man with a hammer, everything looks like a nail.
