If quantum physics doesn't confuse you then you don't understand it.  (Niels Bohr)
Once a new technology starts rolling, if you're not part of the steamroller, you're part of the road.  (Stewart Brand)
The hardest years in life are those between ten and seventy.  (Helen Hayes, age 83)
War is God's way of teaching Americans geography.  (Ambrose Bierce)
A picture is worth a thousand words (which is why it takes a thousand times longer to load...)  (Eric Tilton, Composing Good HTML)
So apparently Delphi now has both aristocrats [Counts, Cardinals] and dogs [Pointers, Setters] ... <g>  (Andrew Fiddian-Green in borland.public.delphi.nativeapi.win32)
A person who thinks all the time has nothing to think about except thoughts. So he loses touch with reality, and lives in a world of illusion.  (Alan Watts)
Those who enter the gates of heaven are not beings who have no passions or who have curbed the passions, but those who have cultivated an understanding of them.  (William Blake)
We don't see things as they are we see them as we are.  (Anais Nin)
The presence of those seeking the truth is infinitely to be preferred to the presence of those who think they've found it.  (Terry Pratchett (Monstrous Regiment))
Different is not necessarily better but better is always different.  (Hugh Lendrum)
The most important things are the hardest to say. They are the things you get ashamed of, because words diminish them - words shrink things that seemed limitless when they were in your head to no more than living size when they're brought out.  (Stephen King, Different Seasons)
Women should be obscene and not heard.  (Groucho Marx)
I was under medication when I made the decision to burn the tapes.  (Richard Nixon)
A language is a dialect with an army and a navy.  (Max Weinreich)
I really hate this damned machine I wish that they would sell it. It never does quite what I want But only what I tell it.
Statistics is like a bikini. What they reveal is suggestive. What they conceal is vital.  (Arthur Koestler)
Do not do an immoral thing for moral reasons.  (Thomas Hardy)
Keep away from people who try to belittle your ambitions. Small people always do that, but the really great make you feel that you, too, can become great. (Mark Twain)
Do unto others 20% better than you would expect them to do unto you, to correct for subjective error.  (Linus Pauling)
The more I read, the more I acquire, the more certain I am that I know nothing.  (Voltaire)
Never mistake motion for action.  (Ernest Hemingway (1899-1961))
Tell me and I'll forget. Show me and I'll remember. Involve me and I'll understand.  ( Confucius)
You should act in a manner such that if everyone acted that way, things would work out. (Louis CK)
The man who accumulates, whether money or knowledge, can never be free.  (J. Krishnamurthi)
He who fights with monsters might take care lest he thereby become a monster. For if you gaze for long into an abyss, the abyss gazes also into you.  (Nietzsche)
We read to know we are not alone.  (C.S. Lewis)
The journey of a thousand miles must begin with a small step.  (Chinese Proverb)
True humor is fun - it does not put down, kid, or mock. It makes people feel wonderful, not separate, different, and cut off. True humor has beneath it the understanding that we are all in this together.  (Hugh Prather)
Time wounds all heels.  (Jane Ace)
A good pun is its own reword.
I never would have agreed to the formulation of the Central Intelligence Agency back in forty-seven, if I had known it would become the American Gestapo.  (Harry S Truman, 1961)
Stories of imagination tend to upset those without one.  (Terry Pratchett)
Elves are wonderful. They provoke wonder.  Elves are marvellous. They cause marvels.  Elves are fantastic. They create fantasies.  Elves are glamorous. They project glamour.  Elves are enchanting. They weave enchantment.  Elves are terrific. They beget terror.  The thing about words is that meanings can twist just like a  snake, and if you want to find snakes look for them behind words  that have changed their meaning. No one ever said elves are  nice. Elves are bad.  (Terry Pratchett (Lords and Ladies))
... the designer of a new system must not only be the implementor and the first large-scale user; the designer should also write the first user manual. ... If I had not participated fully in all these activities, literally hundreds of improvements would never have been made, because I would never have thought of them or perceived why they were important.  (Donald Knuth)
Why should I fear death? If I am, death is not. If death is, I am not. Why should I fear that which can only exist when I do not?  (Epicurus.)
I may be drunk, Miss, but in the morning I will be sober and you will still be ugly. (Winston Churchill)
A mind all logic is like a knife all blade. It makes the hand bleed that uses it.  (Rabindranath Tagore)
If it wasn't for lawyers, we wouldn't need them.
And all I loved, I loved alone.  (Edgar Allan Poe)
First, solve the problem. Then, write the code.  (John Johnson)
Ah well, then I suppose I shall have to die beyond my means.  (Oscar Wilde, dying words)
In America everybody is of the opinion that he has no social superiors, since all men are equal, but he does not admit that he has no social inferiors, for, from the time of Jefferson onward, the doctrine that all men are equal applies only upwards, not downwards.  (Bertrand Russell)
This is the way of peace: Overcome evil with good, and falsehood with truth, and hatred with love.  (Peace Pilgrim)
Should array indices start at 0 or 1? My compromise of 0.5 was rejected without, I thought, proper consideration.  (Stan Kelly-Bootle)
When there is love in your heart, everything outside of you also becomes lovable.  ( Veeresh)
Beware of little expenses. A small leak will sink a big ship.  (Benjamin Franklin)
It is wrong always, everywhere, and for anyone, to believe anything upon insufficient evidence.  (William Kingdon Clifford)
If Barbie is so popular, why do you have to buy her friends?  (Steven Wright)
Take time to laugh - it is the music of the heart
The whole problem with the world is that fools and fanatics are always so certain of themselves, and wiser people so full of doubt.  (Bertrand Russell)
The President has kept all of the promises he intended to keep.  (Clinton aide George Stephanopolous speaking on Larry King Live)
If you can find a path with no obstacles, it probably doesn't lead anywhere.    (Frank A. Clark)
I am enough of an artist to draw freely upon my imagination. Imagination is more important than knowledge. Knowledge is limited. Imagination encircles the world.  ( Albert Einstein)
When a government lasts a long while, it deteriorates by insensible degrees. Republics end through luxury, monarchies through poverty.  (Montesquieu)
Almost all absurdity of conduct arises from the imitation of those whom we cannot resemble.  (Samuel Johnson)
We make a living by what we get, we make a life by what we give.  (Winston Churchill)
Do not seek to follow in the footsteps of the wise. Seek what they sought.  (Basho)
Close some doors today. not because of pride, incapacity or arrogance, but simply because they lead you nowhere.  (Paul Coelho)
The best time to plant a tree is twenty-five years ago. The second best time is today.
You are only pretentious if you are not sincere.  (John Hodgman)
Nixon's Theorem: The man who can smile when things go wrong has thought of someone he can blame it on.
Only put off until tomorrow what you are willing to die having left undone.  (Pablo Picasso)
Some cause happiness wherever they go; others, whenever they go.  (Oscar Wilde (1854-1900))
The people who get on in this world are the people who get up and look for the circumstances they want and if they can't find them, they make them.  (George Bernard Shaw)
A casual stroll through the lunatic asylum shows that faith does not prove anything.  (Nietzsche)
Never confuse a single defeat with a final defeat   (Scott Fitzgerald)
No one remembers the nights they got enough sleep  (Unknown)
In a time of universal deceit, telling the truth is a revolutionary act.  (George Orwell)
Education is not the filling of a pail but the lighting of a fire.  (William Butler Yeats)
By all means, marry. If you get a good wife, you'll become happy; if you get a bad one, you'll become a philosopher.  (Socrates)
It was, of course, a lie what you read about my religious convictions, a lie which is being systematically repeated. I do not believe in a personal god and I have never denied this but have expressed it clearly. If something is in me which can be called religious, then it is the unbounded admiration for the structure of the world so far as our science can reveal it.  (Albert Einstein)
Love wholeheartedly, be surprised, give thanks and praise then you will discover the fullness of your life.  (David Steindl-Rast)
It is what we think we know already that often prevents us from learning.  (Claude Bernard)
Being deeply loved by someone gives you strength; loving someone deeply gives you courage.  (Lao tzu)
I myself am made entirely of flaws, stitched together with good intentions.   ( Augusten Burroughs)
We could have saved the Earth but we were too damned cheap.  (Kurt Vonnegut)
Inside everyone is a graveyard. Buried there are the countless people they could have been.  (Christopher Mitchell)
It would now be technically possible to unify the world, abolish war and poverty altogether, if men desired their own happiness more than the misery of their enemies.  (Bertrand Russel)
Whatever is begun in anger ends in shame.  (Benjamin Franklin (1706-1790))
One-tenth of the folks run the world. One-tenth watch them run it, and the other eighty percent don't know what the hell's going on.  (Jake Simmons)
We are dangerous when we are not conscious of our responsibility for how we behave, think, and feel.  (Marshall B. Rosenberg)
Realize that now, in this moment of time, you are creating. You are creating your next moment based on what you are feeling and thinking. That is what's real.  (Doc Childre)
There is a tragic clash between truth and the world. Pure undistorted truth burns up the world.  (Nikolay Berdyayev)
They say such nice things about people at their funerals that it makes me sad that I'm going to miss mine by just a few days.  (Garrison Kielor.)
The saddest thing about betrayal is that it never comes from your enemies
That's not a lie, it's a terminological inexactitude.  (Alexander Haig)
All warfare is based on deception.  (Sun tzu)
They laughed when I said I'd be a comedian. They aren't laughing now.
Anything in life that we don't accept will simply make trouble for us until we make peace with it.  (Shakti Gawain)
If nothing saves us from death, at least love should save us from life (Pablo Neruda)
Wise and strong is he who leaves his heart open and searches without fear.  (The Monna)
Know what's weird? Day by day, nothing seems to change. But pretty soon, everything's different. (Bill Watterson)
I don't believe in the after life, although I am bringing a change of underwear.  (Woody Allen.)
Go out looking for one thing, and that's all you'll ever find.  (Robert Flaherty)
I prefer to be a pessimist; it makes it easier to deal with my inevitable failure.  (Film: The McMullen Brothers)
When did I realize I was God? Well, I was praying and I suddenly realized I was talking to myself.  (Jack Gurney -The Ruling Class)
You can get more with a kind word and a gun than you can with a kind word alone.  (Al Capone (1899-1947))
I have not failed. I've just found 10,000 ways that won't work.  (Thomas Alva Edison (1847-1931))
If we continue to develop our technology without wisdom or prudence, our servant may prove to be our executioner.  (General Omar N. Bradley)
Estridge's Law: No matter how large and standardized the marketplace is, IBM can redefine it.
In all the disputes, which have excited Christians against each other, Rome has invariably decided in favor of that opinion which tended most towards the suppression of the human intellect and the annihilation of the reasoning powers.  (Voltaire)
Only two things are infinite, the universe and human stupidity, and I'm not sure about the former.  (Albert Einstein (1879-1955))
I couldn't wait for success....so I went ahead without it.   (Jonathon Winters)
There is a country in Europe where multiple-choice tests are illegal.  (Sigfried Hulzer)
Take time to work - it is the price of success
Love does not consist of gazing at each other, but in looking outward together in the same direction.  (Antoine de Saint-Exupery)
I think we risk becoming the best informed society that has ever died of ignorance.  (Ruben Blades)
The truth does not change according to our ability to stomach it.  (Flannery O'Connor)
Tact is the ability to tell a man he has an open mind when he has a hole in his head.  (Unknown)
Before you are a leader, success is all about growing yourself. When you become a leader, success is all about growing others.  (Jack Welch)
If you judge people, you have no time to love them.  (Mother Teresa)
Well done is better than well said.  (Benjamin Franklin (1706-1790))
Virtue means doing the right thing, in relation to the right person, at the right time, to the right extent, in the right manner, and for the right purpose. Thus, to give money away is quite a simple task, but for the act to be virtuous, the donor must give to the right person, for the right purpose, in the right amount, in the right manner, and at the right time.  (Aristotle)
I still live.  (Daniel Webster, dying words)
Good code is short, simple, and symmetrical - the challenge is figuring out how to get there.  (Sean Parent)
Tact is the art of making a point without making an enemy.  (Isaac Newton)
If a man knows not to which port he sails, no wind is favorable.  (Lucius Annaeus Seneca)
The goal of childhood is to become an individual; the goal of adulthood is to give that individuality away. The task of childhood is to separate; the task of adulthood is to connect.  (James W. Jones)
Your past is not your potential. In any hour you can choose to liberate the future.  ( Marilyn Ferguson)
I don't even butter my bread; I consider that cooking.  (Katherine Cebrian)
If you were my husband, I'd give you poison --Lady Astor to Churchill.  If you were my wife, I'd take it-- Curchill to Lady Astor)
Against stupidity the (very) gods themselves contend in vain  (Friedrich von Schiller)
Sad people try their hardest to make other people happier.  (Unknown)
Computers in the future may weigh no more than 1.5 tons.  (Popular Mechanics, forecasting the relentless march of science, 1949)
If you have a gun, you can rob a bank, but if you have a bank, you can rob everyone.  (Bill Maher)
Things get bad for all of us, almost continually, and what we do under the constant stress reveals who/what we are.  (Charles Bukowski)
Assassins!-- Arturo Toscanini (1867-1957) to his orchestra
View life as a series of movie frames, the ending and meaning may not be apparent until the very end of the movie, and yet, each of the hundreds of individual frames has meaning within the context of the whole movie. 
Why do you weep? Did you think I was immortal?  ( Louis XIV (last words))
There's nothing like deep breaths after laughing that hard. Nothing in the world like a sore stomach for the right reasons.   ( Stephen Chbosky, The Perks of Being a Wallflower)
Even if you encounter opposition, have conviction and finish what you start. In the end, people will understand.  (Kotaku Wamura (Mayor of Japanese village who built a sea wall, against many protests, which recently saved the town when the tsunami hit NE Japan))
Nothing exists except atoms and empty space; everything else is opinion.  (Democritus)
It is love alone that leads to right action. What brings order in the world is to love and let love do what it will.  (Krishnamurti)
Gumperson's Law: The probability of a given event occurring isinversely proportional to its desirability.
The mind is not a vessel to be filled but a fire to be kindled.  (Plutarch)
In every country and every age, the priest has been hostile to liberty.  (Thomas Jefferson)
Hubbard's Law: Don't take life too seriously; you won't get out of it alive.
We all agree that your theory is crazy, but is it crazy enough?  (Niels Bohr (1885-1962))
We are, in a sense, one of the ways the universe has come to know itself  (Bill Nye)
If you don't stand for something, you'll fall for anything.  (Martin Luther King)
We must never cease from exploration. And the end of all our exploring will be to arrive where we began and to know the place for the first time.  (T.S. Eliot)
If you are neutral on situations of injustice, you have chosen the side of the oppressor.  (Desmond Tutu)
A woman's loyalty is tested when her man has nothing. A man's loyalty is tested when he has everything.  (Unknown)
A tyrant is always stirring up some war or other, in order that the people may require a leader.  (Plato)
As the poet said, 'Only God can make a tree,' probably because it's so hard to figure out how to get the bark on.  (Woody Allen.)
Java: the elegant simplicity of C++ and the blazing speed of Smalltalk.  (Roland Turner)
I consider Christian theology to be one of the greatest disasters of the human race.  (Alfred North Whitehead)
My religion is simple, my religion is kindness.  (Dalai Llama)
If you want to leave footprints in the sands of time, don't drag your feet.  (Anon.)
It happens to everyone as they grow up. You find out who you are and what you want, and then you realize that people you've known forever don't see things the way you do. So you keep the wonderful memories, but find yourself moving on.  (Nicholas Sparks)
Only those who will risk going too far can possibly find out how far one can go.  ( T.S. Eliot)
The difference between fiction and reality? Fiction has to make sense.  (Tom Clancy)
Time is the best teacher; Unfortunately it kills all its students!  (bumper sticker)
To be ignorant of one's ignorance is the malady of the ignorant.  (Amos Bronson Alcott)
If suffering brought wisdom, the dentist's office would be full of luminous ideas.  (Mason Cooley)
Our job is to give people not what they want, but what we decide they ought to have.  (Richard Salent, Former President CBS News)
We should forget about small efficiencies, say about 97% of the time: premature optimization is the root of all evil.  (Donald Knuth)
Naturally we feel that mentally ill people are not what we are looking for when we hire programmers - although there is no empirical data to support or contradict that view... Is it appropriate to give tests for mental illness to anyone applying for any kind of job?  (Weinberg The Psychology of Computer Programming)
It is poverty to decide that a child must die so that you may live as you wish.  (Mother Teresa)
Learn to expect, not to doubt. In so doing, you bring everything into the realm of possibility.  (Dr. Norman Vincent Peale)
I may not have gone where I intended to go, but I think I have ended up where I needed to be.  (Douglas Adams)
Hoare's Law Of Large Programs: Inside every large program is a small program struggling to get out.
There's nothing wrong with you that reincarnation won't cure.  (Jack E. Leonard)
I don't know why we are here, but I'm pretty sure that it is not in order to enjoy ourselves.  (Ludwig Wittgenstein (1889-1951))
You often meet your destiny on the road you've taken to avoid it. 
Integrity is the essence of everything successful.  (R. Buckminster Fuller)
Philosophers have merely interpreted the world. The point is to change it.  (Karl Marx)
You can no more win a war than you can win an earthquake.  (Jeanette Rankin)
A poem is never finished, only abandoned.  (Paul Valery 1871-1945)
At the risk of seeming ridiculous, let me say that the true revolutionary is guided by great feelings of love. It is impossible to think of a genuine revolutionary lacking this quality.  (Ernesto 'Che' Guevara)
Unless you change how you are, you will always have what you've got.  (Jim Rohn)
People's minds are changed through observation and not through argument.   ( Will Rogers)
The early worm deserves the bird.
The de facto role of the US armed forces will be to keep the world safe for our economy and open to our cultural assault.  (Major Ralph Peters, US Military)
Inanimate objects can be classified scientifically into three major categories; those that don't work, those that break down and those that get lost.  (Russell Baker.)
It's wonderful to be here in the great state of Chicago.  (Dan Quayle)
You never regret being kind.  (Nicole Shepherd)
The love of one's country is a natural thing, but why stop at the border?  (Walt Whitman)
Gummidges's Law: The amount of expertise varies in inverse proportion to the number of statements understood by the general public.
Let yourself be silently drawn by the stronger pull of what you really love.  (Rumi)
Whether you think that you can, or that you can't, you are usually right.  (Henry Ford (1863-1947))
Compromise: The art of dividing a cake in such a way that everybody believes he got the biggest piece.  (Sherry Rothfield)
If child molestation is actually your concern, how come we don't see Bradley tanks knocking down Catholic churches?  (Bill Hicks, 1993, referencing the Waco siege)
You're about as useful as a one-legged man at an arse kicking contest.  (Rowan Atkinson.)
Disobedience, in the eyes of anyone who has read history, is man's original virtue. It is through disobedience that progress has been made, through disobedience and through rebellion.  (Oscar Wilde)
You don't have to burn books to destroy a culture - Just get people to stop reading them.  (Ray Bradbury)
Be Humble for you are made of Earth, Be Noble for you are made of stars.  (A Serbian Proverb)
Deal with the faults of others as gently as with your own.  (Chinese proverb)
Use pain as a stepping stone, not a camp ground.  (Alan Cohen)
I think hell is something you carry around with you. Not somewhere you go.  (Neil Gaiman)
Don't be so humble - you are not that great.-- Golda Meir (1898-1978) to a visiting diplomat
The believer is happy; the doubter is wise.  (Hungarian Proverb)
Life starts all over again when it gets crisp in the fall.  (The Great Gatsby)
Friendship with one's self is all important, because without it one cannot be friends with anyone else in the world.  (Eleanor Roosevelt)
Take time to read - it is the fountain of wisdom
We spend the first year teaching them to walk and talk, and the rest of their lives tell them to shut up and sit down  (Neil Degrasse Tyson)
Technology: No Place for Wimps!  (Scott Adams)
The most beautiful people we have known are those who have known defeat, known suffering, known struggle, known loss, and have found their way out of the depths. These persons have an appreciation, a sensitivity, and an understanding of life that fills them with compassion, gentleness, and a deep loving concern. Beautiful people do not just happen.   ( Elisabeth Kübler-Ross)
Your every decision conspires to make this moment happen.  (Christi Philpott)
